news and something else your YouTube channel
arturo vidal suffered an accident touched his
Ferrari the midfielder of the national team
chilena returned to the concentration then
that the campus had the afternoon off
local media reported that no
suffered serious injuries the steering wheel of
the Chilean national team arturo vidal suffered
a car accident crashing
Your Ferrari on the Maipo Route in your
country where the cup is disputed america
as reported by local media
the player did not suffer serious injuries
midfielder hit other vehicles in
kilometer 25 of the south access to
santiago after which he was transferred to
buin hospital where you will have the
Breathalyzer analysis of rigor and
will evaluate possible injuries
in total the accident involved three
cars reported the news site
Chilean emol float of the red was
with his family when he returned to the
concentration of selection in the
sports complex juan pinto dur치n
after the school had the afternoon
free after the tie 3
it's Monday his wife on the other hand
present a bruised arm
accident was also involved a
white car brand chevrolet
led by a woman reported the site
24 hours
arturo vidal suffered an accident en route
del maipo the steering wheel of the selection
Chilean when he came back to concentrate
to Juan Pinto Dur치n collided with his Ferrari
apparently he did not suffer injuries
gravity at kilometer 25 of access
south to santiago opened vidal suffered a
car accident midfielder
hit by reach to another vehicle and it was
subsequently transferred to hospital
buin where the blood alcohol level will be
rigor they both came from the monticello casino
vidal is the only player that was missing in
Juan Pinto Dur치n reports indicate
who would have suffered minor injuries then
of the accident the CNDH sold personnel to
wing to move Juan to life
pinto dur치n after procedures
police officers as reported by the
personal midfielder linked to sele
only the wife has minor injuries
have injuries to an arm according to
preliminary information
if you liked to share it subscribe to me
channel thanks